what is wrong with these people
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain road game
the movie tells the story of the
hitchhiking duo jack and veronica during
their sun-drenched summer days that
turned into dark
suddenly they become inexplicably
entangled with a mysterious married
couple what's the twist ending hidden in
this movie let's find out in road game
road game begins with someone who is
taking care of the corpse of a man with
a moustache the person then mutilated
the man's body and buried it in the
forest
the scene then switches to a man named
jack standing on the side of the road in
france
jack tried to find a ride but none of
the cars stopped and allowed him to ride
in theirs
unbeknownst to jack a sign on the road
said not to give rides to anyone around
the road
jack and only grimace when the drivers
of passing cars did not stop and help
him some of them even mocked him a
pickup truck passed shortly after jack
looked horrified because in the back of
the truck there were several animal
bodies covered in blood a few steps
ahead he also found a pile of dog bodies
lying on the side of the road in a
pathetic condition
still filled with irritation and almost
desperation jack decided to continue
down the road until he reached the edge
of the forest
a blue car was speeding from the
opposite direction the driver seemed to
have difficulty controlling the steering
wheel because the car drove unsteadedly
until it finally stopped near a tree
without thinking jack went straight to
the car hoping to get a ride but it
looks like luck hasn't been on his side
the car driver was arguing with his
girlfriend while in the car instead the
man left his girlfriend with jack
jack just scowled at the blue car that
was moving further and further away from
where he was but at least now he's not
stranded alone
he was accompanied by a beautiful blonde
woman who introduced herself as veronica
as a french veronica was quite fluent in
english jack also had no trouble
communicating with her because jack was
not fluent in french at all the two of
them walked together until they arrived
at a meadow area and chose to rest for a
while there jack tells veronica that he
is from england and is on vacation in
france but when he was about to return
to england he was robbed on the street
all of his belongings were stolen
including his car and cell phone only
his passport and the clothes he was
wearing were left veronica feels sorry
for jack but her story was no luckier
than jack
she said that she intended to migrate to
another country because she lived alone
her parents had died of chronic
illnesses and she had no one else in the
world veronica's story touched jack and
they continued their conversation until
nightfall the two of them agreed to
spend the night in a forest area not far
from the highway jack lit a bonfire and
veronica told him that she was learning
to sign autographs she then showed jack
some of her signatures
the next morning jack wakes up and
panics because veronica isn't by his
side he searched for her until he came
to a lake and saw her swimming there he
then joins veronica after swimming
together they resumed their journey
along the lonely road at the edge of the
forest
a yellow car drove past as they came to
a corner jack was still optimistic as he
gave a thumbs up asking for a ride
unexpectedly the car stopped a
middle-aged frenchman allowed jack and
veronica to hitch a ride in his car at
first veronica refused her expression
even turned cold and weary when she saw
the man who introduced himself as
grizzard she was suspicious of grizzard
but jack persuaded veronica and the two
got into the car
with broken english grizzard said that
he was a native of this area and after
learning that jack is english grizzard
invites them to stay at his house and
meets his wife who is very fluent in
english jack could not refuse his offer
and veronica could only comply
jack and veronica arrive at grizzard's
house which has a large yard grizzard's
house is a three-story building that
looks like a manor house of the nobles
of great britain jack looked impressed
by the mansion but veronica looked
normal
mary grizzard's wife greeted her guests
at the front door mary escorted jack to
one of the rooms so the man could rest
while grizzard escorted veronica jack
then plopped down on the soft bed after
mary had left him to rest
this was the first time that he has been
able to rest comfortably after bad luck
had befallen him jack closed his eyes
and drifted off to sleep allowing his
body and mind to rest even if not for
long
jack woke up when it was dark earlier he
was too tired and went straight to bed
so he didn't have time to observe the
room where he rested the room wasn't
that big not so much furniture either
jack finds a box that says grizzard on
top of the drawer overwhelmed with
curiosity he opens the box and finds old
photos of grizzard and mary
not only that he also found several
photos of a girl and a boy he assumed
that the two children were grizzard and
mary's children
grizzard and mary invite jack and
veronica to have dinner together the
atmosphere and the dining room look like
a family dinner banquet grizzard and
mary were very friendly to their guests
though veronica still looked dispirited
and suspicious of the couple jack
quietly observed the situation in the
dining room but he didn't see anyone
else in the house as he had thought that
grizzard had children
after dinner jack walked over to
veronica who was smoking on the back
porch veronica tells jack that she had a
younger brother when she was little but
her brother died from being run over by
a tractor while playing hide and seek in
a field jack seemed to sympathize with
veronica's sad story and tried to cheer
her up veronica decided to go to bed
after finishing her cigarette while jack
chose to join grizzer who was watching
television in the living room
jack tells grizzer that he must return
to england to inform his family he also
told veronica's plan to go to another
country as they chatted jack asked
innocently about the possibility of
grizzard having children surprisingly
grizzer denied it and said that he and
mary had no children
jack decided to sleep because he was
planning to go tomorrow
the house was deserted when he woke up
the following day he becomes even more
suspicious when he doesn't find veronica
anywhere either he scanned every corner
of the house with all the bad
possibilities running through his mind
grizzard suddenly appeared just as jack
was about to open a door grizzard
realized that jack was suspicious of him
for holding a hammer he then told him
that he was fixing the cupboard grizzard
also said that veronica had left early
in the morning she didn't like waking
jack to say goodbye and instead she
wrote a letter announcing her departure
jack looked down sadly because veronica
left him without saying goodbye he then
left grizzard's house while rereading
veronica's letter carefully but he
realized in oddity veronica's signature
looks different
luckily he still kept the paper
containing veronica's signature
collection in his notebook he
immediately compared the shape of the
signature on the paper and on the paper
grizzard had given him
sure enough veronica's signatures on the
two papers looked different
jack realized that grizzard had lied and
veronica might still be at his house
unfortunately when he realized the
oddity someone hit his head and he was
unconscious
jack awoke with his mouth gagged and his
body tied up in the back of a speeding
truck
he realized that the truck with the
pickup was the same one he had seen
transporting animal bodies yesterday the
owner of the truck was an old man named
delaqua who was taking him to his house
jack believes that delaqua may be a
butcher because there are so many animal
bodies in his house
delacore babbled in french that jack
didn't understand despite still tying
jack's hands and feet he remained
friendly and bribed him but jack flatly
refused delacroix bluffed to get jack to
obey and it worked
jack no longer rebelled and in return
delacroix untied his hands so he could
eat freely
delacroix photographed jack with a
polaroid camera the man grinned as if he
had just caught a prey he tied jack's
hand again after the man had finished
his meal after that he loaded jack's
body into his truck and covered his
mouth with duct tape jack almost gave up
and thought his life would end like the
animals in the hands of delaqua the
butcher but it seems that death will not
come for jack because suddenly white
smoke appears inside delacroix's house
the man rushed back into his house and
turned off the stove luckily his little
carelessness didn't cause a fire jack
saw an opportunity to escape jack
grabbed a sharp nail and tried to untie
the duct tape in his hand he then fled
before delaqua returned to the car jack
escapes by following the path in the
forest until he arrives back at
grizzard's house he corrupt on the fence
waiting for the right moment to go
inside looking for veronica shortly
after grizzard and his wife got out of
the house and drove off in a car
he took the opportunity to enter the
house
jack wandered through room after room in
grizzard's mansion looking for
veronica's whereabouts jack finds
veronica being held captive by the
husband and wife in an addict he
immediately freed veronica and the two
rushed towards the exit unfortunately
grizzard and mary had returned home they
then couldn't help but steal grizzard's
rifle as a protection
grizzard and mary who realized that
veronica had run away with jack
immediately chased them using a car
jack and veronica ran into a wheat field
blizzard and mary got out of the car
telling jack that they didn't mean to
hurt them but veronica doesn't believe
it and takes jack off across the fields
they arrived at a barn and decided to
hide there until it was safe
unfortunately the barn turned out to be
delaquas
the old man looked confused to see jack
and veronica covered in blood
jack pointed the gun at delaqua and
threatened him delaquan had no other
choice he complied with jack and left
with a slow retreat but delacroix
couldn't see the situation behind him
because he was walking backward
suddenly he slipped and fell unlucky his
body was stuck on a sharp iron rod
veronica then took action by covering
jack with a tarp took a large knife and
stabbed him in the chest confirming that
the old man was really dead
a minute later grizzard and mary arrived
at delaqua's granary and argued with
veronica in french grizzard then tried
to calm veronica down and called her
daughter the form of a beautiful girl
with blonde hair that looked precisely
like veronica flashed before grizzard a
surprising fact was revealed veronica is
grizzard and mary's daughter and what's
even more astonishing is veronica turns
out to be a serial killer psychopath she
can kill anyone without feeling guilty
just like when she killed delaqua and
her brother veronica's younger brother
didn't die from being run over by a
tractor but from being killed and
mutilated by his sister grizzard and
mary were about to take veronica away
when jack suddenly appeared brandishing
a gun in front of their car
grizzard and mary tried to be
cooperative getting out of the car with
both hands raised
veronica immediately left the car and
joined jack grizzard and mary tried to
explain to jack and revealed the truth
about veronica but veronica immediately
knocked her out unconsciously veronica
also covered grizzard's mouth and hands
until the man was helpless and could
only surrender until jack and veronica
left in their car
grizzard and mary tried to prevent
veronica during this time who always
tried to run away from their house
they deliberately put up a road sign
that said not to give anyone a ride on
the road around their house so that
veronica could not escape they hired a
butcher delaqua to rescue jack and take
the man to a nearby port but alas their
plans failed
now veronica manages to escape in a car
and jack goes with her
jack and veronica seemed happy to escape
from grizzard and mary but what jack
doesn't know is that he may never arrive
in england alive veronica smiled because
she had managed to find an easy prey to
fulfill her murderous desire she glanced
down making sure that her favorite big
knife was there and ready for her next
victim
this film ends
[Music]
you